doc: change to hyphenated keys (#5909)
canonical/cloud-init: doc/rtd/reference/datasources/exoscale.rst

Exoscale
********

> This datasource supports reading from the meta-data server used on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This datasource supports reading from the instance metadata server (IMDS) used on the
```

`Exoscale platform`_. Use of the Exoscale datasource is recommended to benefit
from new features of the Exoscale platform.

> The datasource relies on the availability of a compatible meta-data server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The datasource relies on the availability of a compatible IMDS
```

The settings available are:

> * ``metadata_url``: The URL for the instance metadata service.

Reviewer: Nit: IMDS instead of instance metadata service
